Document UDF support (#1726)
vitessio/website: content/en/docs/20.0/reference/compatibility/mysql-compatibility.md

You can take a look at the `dbddl_plugin.go` in the engine package for an example of how it's done.
Finally, you need to add a command line flag to vtgate to have it use the new plugin: `--dbddl_plugin=myPluginName`

### User Defined Functions
VTGates can now track user-defined functions (UDFs) and use them during planning.

> To enable it, set the `--enable-udfs` flag on VTGate.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To enable this feature, set the `--enable-udfs` flag on VTGate.
```
